Add note about `ImageID` to the `config` section of `manifest.md` (#1173)
opencontainers/image-spec: manifest.md

  To set an effectively null or empty config and maintain portability see the [guidance for an empty descriptor](#guidance-for-an-empty-descriptor) below, and `DescriptorEmptyJSON` of the reference code.

>   If this image manifest will be "runnable" by a runtime of some kind, it is strongly recommended to ensure it includes enough data to be unique (such as the `rootfs` and `diff_ids` included in `application/vnd.oci.image.config.v1+json`) so that it has a unique [`ImageID`](config.md#imageid).

Reviewer: Some minor rewording, but otherwise LGTM. We should define "runnable" at some point, but that can be separate, perhaps with #1141.

```suggestion
  If this image manifest will be "runnable" by a runtime of some kind, it is RECOMMENDED to ensure the config includes sufficient content to be unique (such as the `rootfs` and `diff_ids` included in `application/vnd.oci.image.config.v1+json`) so that it has a unique [`ImageID`](config.md#imageid).
```
